java c EEE225 Semiconductors for Electronics and Devices Problem Sheet 2

     Germanium has a band gap of   0.7eV and, for   pure material, the Fermi level lies near the middle   of   the gap. What is the probability that   a   state   in   the upper   band   is   occupied   at   0K,   300K,   and   500K?   Explain   the   physical   significance   of   these   results.   What   other   property   of   the   band structure, other   than   the   probability   of   occupancy   of   states, influences   the   electrical   properties of   the   material?
    Athermistor made from intrinsic silicon is to be used to control the current surge in a projector when   it   is   switched   on. The thermistor has   a   resistance   of   100Ω   at room   temperature   (17°C).   When   it   is   connected   in   series   with   the   projector   lamp,   at   what   temperature   will   its   resistance fall to   1.0Ω? Assume that the energy gap for silicon is   1.08eV and that the carrier mobilities do   not   vary   appreciably   over   the   operating   range   of   temperatures. Comment   on   the   result.
    Intrinsic   germanium   has   a   gap   energy   of 0.72eV   and   its   conductivity   is   2.13   S   m-1    at   300K.   What is its conductivity at   400K?   Comment   on   the   result. Would   the   conductivities   at   each   of   these   temperatures   be   changed   if   the   semiconductor   received   radiation   of   wavelength   (a)   1μm   and (b)   2μm?
    A   particular semiconductor,   which is initially intrinsic   with an energy gap, Eg, of   1.1eV, is doped   very slightly 代 写EEE225 Semiconductors for Electronics and Devices Problem Sheet 2Web
代做程序编程语言n-type, in such a manner that the Fermi level is displaced by 10% of the gap energy from its intrinsic position. Compare the conductivities at 20°C before and after doping, assuming carrier mobilities of μh = 0.05m2 V-1s-1 and μe = 0.13 m2 V-1s-1, commenting on the result. 6 In a certain semiconductor the ratio of electron mobility, μe, to hole mobility, μh, is equal to 10, the number density of free holes isp = 1020m-3, and the number density of free electrons is n = 1019 m-3. The measured conductivity is 0.455 S m-1. Calculate the mobilities. 7 A sample of germanium doped with 1020 donor atoms per cubic meter and 7 × 1019 acceptor atoms per cubic metre. At the same temperature as the sample, the resistivity of intrinsic germanium is 0.6Ω m. Find the total current density when an electric field of 200V m-1 is applied. The electron and hole mobilities in germanium may be assumed to be 0.38 m2 V-1s-1 and 0.18 m2 V-1s-1 respectively. 9 A 10mm ×10mm × 10mm cube of silicon at room temperature has 1019m-3 of gallium (p-type) impurities and 1.5 × 1019m-3 of arsenic (n-type) impurities in the material. Determine the resistance of the cube between any two faces, assuming: ni = 1.5 × 1016 m-3; μe = 0.12 m2 V-1s- 1; and μh = 0.05 m2 V-1s-1

   加QQ codinghelp Email: cscholary@gmail.com
